You can also choose your Replication strategy. Replication refers to your preferred strategy for replicating the data in your storage account, which gives that account high availability. Replication has several strategies based on your needs:
Locally redundant storage (LRS) copies your data synchronously three times within the same physical location in your primary (only) region. This means that while your data is replicated across potentially multiple servers, if anything were to happen to the physical location, such as a fire or disaster, your data may become lost. This is the most affordable option but offers the least availability, and isn't recommended for critical data.
Zone-redundant storage (ZRS) copies your data synchronously across three availability zones in the same region, meaning your data is split across three physical locations instead of one. While it doesn't offer as much protection as replicating across regions, this is a much safer option than LRS.
Geo-redundant storage (GRS) copies your data three times across a single physical location using LRS, and then asynchronously copies your data to a single physical location in a separate, secondary region. Microsoft recommends replicating critical data across regions, so this option offers high availability compared to the previous two. Note: Any time your storage account replicates data within a region, it's done synchronously. Any time the account replicates across regions, it's done asynchronously.
Geo-zone-redundant storage (GZRS) is the next level of availability. Like GRS, it offers cross-region replication. Unlike GRS, however, it offers ZRS in your primary region and LRS in your secondary region.
Read-access geo-zone-redundant storage (RA-GZRS) is very similar to GZRS. Like GZRS, it offers ZRS in your primary region and LRS in your secondary. However, with GZRS and GRS, you can only start reading data from your secondary region if you initiate failover for your storage account. With RA-GZRS, data in your secondary region is automatically available for reading in the event that your primary region becomes unavailable, regardless of whether you initiated failover or not.
Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) is like RA-GZRS except it offers LRS in your primary region instead of ZRS.